# SCRUM-Sprint-Review-Retrospective
This repository was created to house the "Sprint Review and Retrospective" deliverable from my final project in my CS-250 SDLC course at SNHU. In it, I compile all my knowledge and display critical thinking and analyses regarding agile SCRUM and it's role in the modern software development life cycle. Below are my answers to some of the "essential questions" in the Computer Science program:

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
  The creation of "user stories" helps clearly define program requirements and features that need to be implemented upon creation. The stories are then given a priority and a       timeline in which they are to be completed. This helps developers know what they need to do in terms of creating the program and how long they have to do it. 
How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
  I approach the development of programs in much the same way a user story does. I first clearly define what needs to be done in the creation of the program, and then I 
  create the code based on those facts. In the future, I hope to plan the creation of my programs better, since I typically just do it all at once. I hope to implement the agile     process of sprints. This will help to define smaller program goals that are more achievable, and it would improve the end result of my program since I can test it and make sure   it all works cohesively in intervals rather than all at the same time.
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
  A good team member in software development means pulling your weight in a project and being diligent on meeting deadlines. If you're behind on your project, then so is everybody   else. Additionally, being a good team member means you trust your team members enough to ask for help when it is needed for the sake of the integrity of the project.
